[The Legend of Rosy Clouds]
[Episode 34]
I won't hurt you as long
as you do what I say.
Go now.
Fourth Lady?
Sorry to have startled you, My Lady.
However,
the Residence has been full of guests
coming
and going lately.
Please do not wander around, My Lady,
in case you might be disturbed.
I see.
You may leave now.
Understood.
Pardon my offense, My Lady.
I'll take my leave.
Let's go.
You are the Fourth Lady
of the Zheng family?
Can you return
that forehead band to me now?
I...
The Zheng family took something
they shouldn't have.
I just want to get it back.
Thank you.
Gan Jiang.
You know this sword?
You are a Qi
and an official?
I'm not a bad guy.
It's just that your eldest brother
committed evil deeds,
so I...
As reckless as my eldest brother is,
he will ruin the Zheng family
sooner or later.
Thank you for your help today.
I'll surely repay this favor
if there is a chance in the future.
The female dancer
has performed one song after another.
The Zheng family has made it so grand—
I really feel
flattered.
Yet you haven't had
a single sip of wine.
If you have something to say,
just cut to the chase,
Eldest Young Master Zheng.
Today, I'd like to take the opportunity
of this welcome banquet
to apologize to you.
I was way too cautious before
and mistook you, Gate Cdr. Fan,
for a bad person.
If I ever offended you,
please forgive me.
From now on,
we'll rely on you for the glory
of the Zheng family.
I'm flattered.
Eldest Young Master, I hope you will
attend the future
gate commander inauguration ceremony
and give me more support.
Okay.
Gate Cdr. Fan,
you really are a remarkable woman,
worthy of being personally picked
by the Governor.
Thank you for the compliment.
This time, let me toast
to you, Eldest Young Master Zheng.
Stop there!
Freeze!
Don't run!
Stop there!
This way!
Go after him! Hurry!
Stop running!
Come on.
Gate Cdr. Fan
brought someone else with her,
and he is right in the backyard now.
Catch him alive.
How dare you.
Hasn't my third brother
always been in charge of transportation?
What is he trying to do
bringing it home?
How about we
go ask the Third Young Master about it?
Don't bother.
Just lock him up
and let him reflect on himself.
Eldest Young Master Zheng,
do you have any urgent matters
to handle today?
How about
we meet another day?
I thought you came here alone this time,
Gate Cdr. Fan.
I didn't expect you
to leave a guest in the yard.
What do you mean by that,
Eldest Young Master Zheng?
You are the heiress of the Fan family,
and I am the eldest young master
of the Zheng family.
We are a perfect match.
If you marry me,
your friend will also be my friend,
and I will certainly not mistreat him.
That's a rather novel idea,
Eldest Young Master Zheng.
Don't you care about
your brotherhood at all?
You're marrying
into the Zheng family anyway.
Does it matter who you marry?
What if
I don't want to?
This matter is
not up to you.
The female dancer's sleeves
had knockout drops on them.
The heiress of the Fan family,
and also the Gate Commander of Jing City.
If I marry you,
I can not only control the whole Jing City
but also have the Fan family's support.
Let's just make it a done deal today.
I guess the Fan family
won't refuse to acknowledge me
as their young lady's husband.
Shameless...
Stop running! Stop there!
Stop.
What did you do to Fan Yun?
Don't worry.
The Gate Commander will soon be
part of the Zheng family.
I'm afraid
you'll have to bear with it today.
Get him.
Gate Commander,
you look really charming today.
What do you think
people will
say about us after today?
I played the host and invited
the Gate Commander to a banquet.
After a few rounds of drinks,
we had a great time chatting
and fell for each other.
It can be considered an amazing story.
Eldest Young Master Zheng,
you...
Come a bit closer.
Well,
keep dreaming.
Let go!
Then I'll just dream on.
Stay away from me!
Let me go! Let go of me!
Let me go!
Second Young Master Zheng.
Zheng the Second! What are you doing?
How dare you lay a finger on my woman?
You two are not married yet, are you?
Then it just doesn't count.
Jin,
if you want to die,
I can personally grant you your wish.
You're threatening me?
Guards!
What do you want to do?
Listen,
if you dare to lay a finger on me,
the Zhengs and our grandfather
will never let you go.
If you kill me,
you will be committing fratricide,
and you won't be able to become
the Master of the Zheng family.
I was wrong!
I'm sorry.
I'm begging you.
Please don't kill me.
Jin,
it's good that you know you were wrong.
No...
Go away.
Don't come over.
Stay away from me.
Don't come over. Don't...
Don't. Go away!
Don't be afraid.
It's me.
Zheng...
Second Young Master Zheng.
The effects of the drug
haven't worn off yet.
Don't move too much.
It's all thanks
to your help today.
Thank you,
Second Young Master Zheng.
Zheng Jin used an anesthetic,
but essentially,
it is more harmful than other anesthetics.
Therefore,
you need plenty of rest to recover.
No way.
I must go back.
Why?
Because...
Because Gao Ran is
still waiting for me.
It's actually because of Qi Zheng, right?
H-How...
How did you know?
Wait...
What happened to Qi Zheng?
Is he in danger?
Where am I?
What is this place?
This is the Zheng family's dungeon.
Who's talking?
Who are you?
Come here and get me out of here.
Come here.
You're the dignified Third Young Master
of the Zheng family.
How come you are also locked up here?
You don't need to treat me
with that attitude.
I am
the Third Young Master
of the Zheng family,
but I have no interest
in being the clan leader.
Nor do I harbor any animosity
towards Gate Cdr. Fan.
Me ending up locked up here
is purely bad luck.
In this case,
why don't you find a way out?
Don't worry about that.
As smart as my fourth sister is,
she will definitely find this place soon
and get me out of here.
The Fourth Lady?
Second Young Master Zheng,
please let me out.
To me,
nothing matters more than your safety.
I don't care about anyone else.
We will have
our wedding very soon.
As long as you stay and live here,
I will prepare whatever you need.
Everything can wait
until after the wedding.
What are you talking about?
Didn't you tell me that
after I entered the city,
you would never force me?
Don't look so down.
You need to rest well and heal now.
Once you have fully recovered,
you can walk around as you please,
as long as you don't leave this place.
Zheng Shi,
are you trying to put me
under house arrest?
I am protecting you.
I really misjudged you.
Zheng Shi, you...
It's weird now that I think about it.
Looking closely,
there is nothing special about you.
You are so ordinary,
yet I'm still so into you.
What I have
must be true love.
Do you have to keep me here?
But why is true love so bitter?
If only love in this world could
always turn out the way people want it to.
Do you listen to me?
Do you care about him that much?
Yes.
I'll go deal with his problem.
She climbed the tree to pick flowers
and tried to shoo away
the birds on the tree.
Yet she accidentally fell into the water.
Silly girl.
Have you called any physicians
to check in on her?
She insisted it wasn't necessary.
But fortunately, it's just a cold.
There's nothing serious.
It's just that
she kept mumbling your name
even in her sleep.
Wei Ying.
Wei Ying!
Did you notice?
Yeah, I did.
You're awake.
You're here.
Why do you always pick on those two birds?
They treat love like a game.
I don't like it.
How is it a game?
They fly here for a moment,
and then there.
They never want to stay
on one tree for long.
That's because you don't know them well,
and you misunderstand them.
But they always fly so high.
How am I supposed to get a chance
to know them?
Maybe
they have already realized it.
They might have found
the tree where they want to build a nest,
but they've never dared to say it.
This is
a sachet I made
using a recipe I asked around for.
Wear it
to prevent a rash.
You do care so much
about the Governor.
Very well.
♪ Wind sheds rain like tears ♪
I am not that bird.
♪ Over the whole town ♪
I only care about one person.
♪ At the second our gazes meet ♪
♪ Past memories roar one louder beat ♪
♪ Perhaps hearts long to seek ♪
♪ Etch within our fingertips ♪
♪ Hear crisp footsteps echo clear ♪
♪ Strike out
on a fearless dream's frontier ♪
♪ Though fleeting years rush
without delay ♪
♪ A wisp of softness
tints your brow each day ♪
♪ Walk side by side with moon and sun ♪
♪ When all is said and all is done ♪
♪ We'll ride the ups and downs ♪
♪ When deep love dwells within our eyes ♪
♪ Our burning longing never dies ♪
♪ Wander together through wind and frost ♪
♪ Every dark night fades at last ♪
♪ When fate resides within our sight ♪
♪ Gazing toward each other's
distant light ♪
♪ What do heaven and earth seek
but salvation in companionship? ♪
♪ Don't let the sun down ♪
♪ When deep love dwells within our eyes ♪
♪ Our burning longing never dies ♪
♪ Wander together through wind and frost ♪
♪ Every dark night fades at last ♪
♪ When fate resides within our sight ♪
♪ Gazing toward each other's
distant light ♪
♪ What do heaven and earth seek
but salvation in companionship? ♪
♪ Don't let the sun down ♪
My Lady.
W-What brings you here?
Her Ladyship ignores everyone else
except for those close to her.
Oh, you're right.
Fourth Lady,
are you here looking
for the Third Young Master?
The Third Young Master has been missing
since yesterday.
I couldn't find him either.
I don't know where he went.
Qi Zheng,
please stay safe.
Young Master Shi is not here.
Please go back, My Lady...
My Lady!
Second Brother.
You...
And you are?
This is our Fourth Lady.
Fourth Lady Zheng.
Second Sister-in-Law.
The Mute Lady is quite talkative today.
I'm not your second sister-in-law.
I am...
I...
Anyway, I can't explain it
clearly to you right now.
But I'm not your second sister-in-law.
Where is my second brother?
He went to look for someone.
Maybe he went to your eldest brother's place
to look for someone.
Features.
Features...
Fourth Lady Zheng, are you
going to help me look for him as well?
He's about
this tall,
wearing a headband,
and carrying a sword.
Gan Jiang?
Yep!
It's the Gan Jiang Sword.
Why is everyone
looking for someone lately?
Why is everyone going missing?
Even my third brother is
nowhere to be found.
Fourth Lady Zheng?
Follow me.
Okay.
Lady Fan Yun cannot leave here.
This...
This is also Young Master Shi's order.
Yes.
Are you sure?
Looks like
it's time for you to come in handy.
If you release Gao Ran,
this clan leader ring will be yours.
Is Gao Ran so important
that he's worth a clan leader ring?
How do I know whether you're lying or not?
And how do I know
if this ring is real?
If you don't believe me,
you can simply refuse it.
But I'm afraid
you'll never have
another chance to get it.
You're willing to give up
such an important thing
just for an outsider?
Only narrow-minded people
care so much
about insiders or outsiders.
But I
only care if it's worth it.
Wait here.
My eldest brother wants to catch you?
So
you must not
let your eldest brother find me,
or I will be in trouble.
Reckless and selfish.
Now that Elder Zheng is gone,
everyone is coveting
the position of clan leader.
A clan leader's position
should be a burden to bear
instead of something to fight for.
Fourth Lady Zheng,
where are we going now?
The woodshed.
The woodshed?
Eldest Young Master, please.
Watch your step.
Slow down.
Eldest Young Master,
the two of them are being well-behaved
and show no intentions
to get out of there.
However,
we're locking
the Third Young Master up here.
If Master finds out about it,
will he blame us?
You talk too much.
Yes.
I shouldn't have spoken out of turn.
I didn't expect you to be so important
to Zheng the Second.
You're lucky to have survived this time.
If you fall into my hands again,
things won't end this well for you.
Tell me
what you did to Fan Yun.
Jin! Jin! Jin!
Wait!
You can't release him, Jin.
You can't.
Are you telling me what to do?
I wouldn't dare.
I just want to tell you what happened.
You can make your decision
after hearing me out.
You two-faced good-for-nothing.
I don't want to talk to you anymore.
Whatever you have to say,
go tell Grandfather.
Tell him yourself when he comes back.
Jin,
I know I was wrong.
Please give me one more chance,
okay?
I'm begging you, Jin.
Open the door.
Yes.
Thank you, Jin.
What about me?
The woodshed you mentioned
could be used to lock people up?
It's a disguise
for the underground dungeon.
You wait here. I'll go handle it.
Let me go with you.
It'll be better if you stay here.
Let me go alone.
Let me take this chance
to scope out this place as well.
Thanks.
I can't hold back anymore.
Let me drink first.
Where is my third brother?
He was here just now.
He hasn't come back
since Zheng Jin took him away.
Are you going to let me out?
It's too dirty.
Thank you.
Take it off
before you thank me.
Where is the exit here?
I'm leaving if you don't say anything.
This way.
The exit is over here.
Then let's go this way.
This is weird.
It's empty inside here.
There must be a mechanism.
Let's look for it.
So there really is a secret passage.
How did you find it?
I...
I accidentally pressed it.
How did you know
there is a secret passage here?
If this private prison
only had one opening,
the wind underground would always blow
from the southeast.
But do you remember that?
When the prison guards were
eating just now,
their smoke blew to the southwest.
This means there must be
another passage on the other side
to create a draft.
Let's go inside and take a look.
Gunpowder?
There's gunpowder everywhere here.
No wonder Liu Mu couldn't find any.
That's strange.
This doesn't make sense, though.
Who would hide all this gunpowder
in their own house?
Who would do such a thing?
The Zheng family.
Why did your third brother
end up being locked up here?
This is impossible.
Now is not the time
to figure out the truth.
We need to dispose of
this gunpowder first.
Otherwise, if anyone
uses them in the future,
the consequences will be devastating.
What do you want to do?
Of course, it's to "cool down"
this batch of gunpowder.
Have some more.
It's a long journey.
You've all contributed a lot.
Come on.
Master.
What's wrong, Master?
I had sudden palpitations.
I'm probably a bit exhausted.
Why not
go inside and take a rest?
Let me just rest here.
Second Young Master Zheng?
What are you doing here?
What...
What happened to him?
He...
Who is there? Who?
Come on, run.
Second Young Master Zheng,
what exactly is going on?
It seems to be Young Master Shi.
Young Master Shi?
The Eldest Young Master was murdered!
Young Master Shi
killed the Eldest Young Master?
Everyone,
go after Young Master Shi!
-Understood!
Where is he? Get him!
Why were you there?
I didn't kill Jin.
When I got there, he was already dead.
Then why did you run?
Why didn't you
explain it to them just now?
Do you believe me?
Of course I do.
Given your personality,
if you killed someone,
you'd definitely admit it.
But just because I believe you,
it doesn't mean that
they will believe you, too.
So why should I explain it to them?
Your belief in me is all that matters.
Who on earth
killed Zheng Jin?
I told him a long time ago
not to be so full of himself.
There are plenty of people
who want to kill him,
but those who could do it
in the Zheng Residence
are few and far between.
So you mean it was someone
from the Zheng family?
If there's a traitor in the Zheng family,
the truth will eventually come to light.
Go back and stay with me.
Don't run around.
Fourth Lady Zheng,
are there any carrier pigeons left
in the Residence?
The Gate Commander Residence caught fire.
I'm keeping those pigeons.
I'll go get them.
Thank you.
Fourth Lady Zheng,
please help me send this letter.
By the way,
you said when you came to save me,
Fan Yun was waiting outside?
Maybe she heard the commotion
and hid somewhere.
It looks like I have to go find her.
I promise I'll repay you
for this favor one day.
It's good that you owe me.
Move over a bit.
You can just ignore me.
Why did you
make yourself look like this?
What do you know?
As tall and mighty as I am,
I would stand out too much over there.
I can keep a low profile here.
Hey.
When necessary...
Keep up!
Who is it?
Who's out there?
Fan Yun.
Qi Zheng.
-Qi Zheng.
-Fan Yun.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Great!
I finally got to see you.
How did you get in here?
I...
Fourth Lady Zheng.
Alright, we should go now.
-Let's go.
It really never ends.
They won't let us rest
even in the middle of the night.
Guys!
Come on.
Come and lend us a hand.
Come on, help us.
Be quick.
Unload this one, and we can sleep.
Wrap up early and sleep early.
One, two.
Slow down. Be careful.
Well,
don't you think
this one is heavier
than all the previous ones?
They're the same goods.
What do you mean by "heavier"?
I think you just want to slack off.
Who wants to slack off?
It's just that it takes a bit more effort
than before.
So many weapons
have been delivered here recently.
Is there going to be a war?
Shut up. Don't ask.
We do whatever
the higher-ups tell us to do.
Know less, and you can live longer.
Push!
It's finally done.
Guys,
let's go sleep.
Be careful.
Oh, my God.
So much gunpowder.
What are they planning to do?
Master.
Pack our things
and head back to Jing City.
Understood.
Is this face really
worth looking at so closely?
Appearance is nothing.
For someone like me
who can see the essence
beyond the surface,
as long as you are in my heart,
even a stone would remind me of you.
With such beautiful dimples,
you can only smile at me from now on.
Your Excellency. Your Excellency.
Your Excellency.
Did I see it or not?
Before His Excellency left,
he didn't tell us what we should do.
If my sister finds out
that we've known it already,
I'll be dead meat.
It's your sister. You go handle it.
You go. I'm not going.
I'm not going.
You two are being
a bit too loud, aren't you?
-Your Excellency.
We have a weighty matter to report.
Take a look at it.
A hoard of munitions?
What...
No wonder Zheng Tao is so confident.
With these munitions,
the Zheng family really can
either attack or defend.
The Zheng family is truly
a nest of danger.
Seems like Jing City
will be thrown into turmoil.
Lord Wei,
Lord Yan.
-Yes.
On behalf of the Governor, I'm ordering
you two to lead the Qi family's army
to Jing City immediately.
Bring siege weapons
and station outside Jing City on standby.
Do not make any rash moves.
Also, notify Lord Fan Qi.
-We'll go get ready
-and set off today.
Faster.
We must reach Jing City tonight!
Master,
according to the servants,
when the Eldest Young Master was murdered,
they saw Young Master Shi
leaving in a hurry.
Grandfather,
this is true.
I saw Shi kill Jin with my own eyes.
He also injured me.
I fought desperately
to protect this ring.
Grandfather,
now that you're back,
you must avenge Jin's death.
Jin was murdered.
The position of clan leader
has fallen into Zheng Shi's hands.
In our generation,
there is no one who can rival him.
If...
If I had Jin's talent,
I could surely
share your burden, Grandfather.
Master,
we absolutely can not
let that fratricide murderer
take the position of clan leader.
Third Young Master,
please do not belittle yourself.
After all, you are Master's grandson.
In terms of talent,
I don't think
you are any inferior to anyone else.
Grandfather!
I am willing to be your blade,
seize the position of clan leader for you,
and let Jin rest in peace.
I only beg you, Grandfather,
to grant me a chance.
Jin was murdered.
Who else knows about this?
When the Eldest Young Master was murdered,
you still hadn't returned, Master.
I was worried
that the Zheng family might fall
into chaos without a leader,
so I kept the news confidential long ago.
No one will leak it for sure.
Inform all the clan members
that I have returned,
and the clan leader election
will be moved up and held tomorrow.
Also,
lock down the city gates immediately.
Before the election,
no suspicious persons are
allowed in or out.
Everyone, stay on high alert.
Yes.
I want Nine Cities
to lose Jing City forever.
I know everyone has been busy lately.
I had nothing to do at home alone,
so I made some Ling'an wontons.
Enjoy them while they're warm.
Give it a try.
Have some more.
Fourth Lady.
Are you
not used to this food?
Suyin,
do you still have the pastries
you made for me last time?
Yes.
Try this one.
Give me one, too.
How is it?
So you mean
the Zheng Residence only has
a small batch of munitions.
The bulk of it is
stored outside Jing City.
It's an insane amount.
They cover more than half a hill.
If they explode,
the entire Jing City would be destroyed.
Liu Mu,
let's go
out of the city again.
Those munitions can't remain there.
We must thoroughly get rid of them.
No problem.
Your Excellency,
I'm going with you.
You'd better stay here.
Now that you are the gate commander
of Jing City,
you should stay in Jing City.
As for the matters outside the city,
just leave them to me.
Then I will go with you.
With me by your side,
it will be easier for you
to get out of the city.
All right.
Then Suyin and Tian Xing
will stay with you,
so you can look after each other.
Just rest assured and leave it to me.
Then you
must be careful.
Stay safe.
You, too.
Let's go.
Go.
Fan Yun.
Z-Zheng Shi?
You...
Why are you here?
Didn't we agree
that you wouldn't go beyond the courtyard?
But in Jing City,
everywhere is
like your courtyard, isn't it?
Oh...
You...
You got wounded.
It's fine.